in routine Telugu de hecho con artist
Abu hunt at annual Cantina Metron
Anahata Hulu the universe before he had
his rule kill Carmel Klamath it took the
Taliban two days to blow up the 1500
year old Buddha statues
half a year later they were chased out
of Bamian themselves since 2001 Bamian
has remained peaceful war continues all
around 5000 meter high mountains shield
the High Valley in the middle of
Afghanistan for more
however the locals don't take much
pleasure in them Rashaad you know who
pays bigger mahadji's chief for the
Nevada New Year natty de Malaga barbecue
business I've never once asked about
Misha a key or Bush foreign measure the
moisture vanishes this untouched area is
a paradise for alpinists mcfurface named
Sarita's me Luke I was okay until
afforded any Barca clients you three can
see garage food this is owned and
closely
to inspire enthusiasm for the mountains
in the country of untouched peaks that's
the idea of a group of Swiss Nationals
their project is called
first Afghan ski challenge information
little dispute one hand or the
existential and oddly the double has
failed to halt the perspectiva wouldn't
she three smooth so they an arch
industry is grab the cliff wall opieop
shown in the perspective in Bamiyan
this is Jawad founder of the Bamian ski
club and local organizer of the race he
recruits the contesters of the first
Afghan ski challenge in Bamian
well Bosnia share our deepest you don't
reject salamander was a fortune to for
quality targeted
in the progress
operations for the first Afghan ski
challenge seem to have triggered a ski
boom at the bazaar in Bamian
I got more about emoji video made him
look good
Harvey selfish a miracle oddish was a
metonym as he called pushing women to
participate in a race that's not what
these two men are thinking of these will
be the pioneers at the starting line
these men will be the first to feature
as downhill skiers and Afghanistan's
history two weeks before they had only
known about skiing from hearsay these
young Afghans were chosen by jawad how
well can you ski after two weeks
practice
only take one poll one stick one
then dollars a lot less transfer from
her lap adjacent isn't on the toilet
area collapse the internal apt to since
I can't put our stomachs pranked
ordinary local immunity and I won't
renew too late to amino garlic who is
Carlos dish unfinished as a or hinder
fifty a peanuts it's only a father
haben Moira's Sofitel is not didn't kiss
cam egg novelty siesta was vomited asano
receive money with Meghan the Bahamas
and apanasana Bamiyan back moombahton a
miscue okay well in part this was a
hotel virtue to give 500 women America
well canvass shahi only woohoo be
herself was she sick he develop on less
common yet tambul in beta bitch sorry
Jamal bata bata meditate Cecil and I
notice of potty Johnny hola pequito
capybara not quite Olympic Games worthy
just yet but making distinctive progress
deep snow skiing on the fourth day and
the race is getting closer when the
Taliban prevailed over Bamian rock mud
was living in Hamburg as a refugee now
he's the group's translator and he will
also participate in the race this year I
wish knocknasheega far as we shopping
with us in fencing gives in on the small
shock nmi chapter self-esteem cuisine
and swart are gaining rougane chief on
the system group this a small and bomber
as he has idea common on also buy
pertains to women does the ship
foreign car simulator on drugs to attend
a young man all decision is Rick masters
energy attack combination a muffin
symbol of eternity and the custodian of
a quest for six ish ish was in the end
Clara cosmic evaluatee to blow off
noticeable acted or was no related to
Disney the hunters for vehicles in the
related make market giving it a try to
teach her and also cylinder
settle on to heave RC so super tentative
location relaxed attitude marked vehicle
cycle it on decent for the week's top
motivated olive grateful market are
relative thought bubble up a profit
asistir the Relangi vice because of
right
these locals turned up for the scheme
two tin cans escy souls and towels is
mounting it they use them to catch
escaped animals explain the pharmacy
the new generation has more fun on their
skis but today it's getting serious
the first Afghan ski challenge is about
the honor of victory and winning a Swiss
watch together the 10 races as sent to
the start
Aramis avec is on a camera edge on a
mission actually I'm a Taurus in the
auditorium
yeah but in the shuttle - we whisk well
I'm Stevie Moore but Tora Bora in
Khandala shed
I'm sure Lupin Gyptian yeah I know mala
varnish has no official cars on the
screencast respond to this man fish of
the scene where every shaft of niche
also has been the same yeah and try to
be the first or maybe the second or the
third
actually there's no conditions little
bit somewhere hard today because it's
compacted by the winds and somewhere is
soft and where is this heart this little
bit in just for us you know because
that's you know we are not professional
shortly before the start the tension
mounts the young skiers have to conquer
the mountain on their own for the first
time
suddenly the mountains appear menacing
to some of them especially to him as
well the first Afghan ski challenge is
his first day on skis
only two weeks ago they stood on skis
for the first time now they're
Afghanistan's first downhill skiers
shortly after the start president and
favorite Jawad takes the lead a Gershwin
the quiet car mechanic is close on his
heels
behind them other skiers are struggling
with themselves and the mountain rapid
is showing what else he picked up in
Hanoi Salah
even if they don't all manage to head
directly to the finish line there's no
stopping them
shortly before the finish line
Jawad is still in front of a Gershwin a
few seconds later and out of the
camera's range he takes a wrong turn
thus the way is cleared for a Gershwin
he wins the first Afghan ski challenge
Jawad back on track comes in second
gujarat allah is third rough maddox eats
his expectations by far and comes in
fifth
despite his time-consuming incident
although I'm fine al says Kentucky Farm
Harbour on D minor shipping design unter
dem shinee are the vaguely going on that
muslims Minuten beefeaters vedas fulfill
the slavish teach to tal pick you up on
the segment in shock has different
talents a bishop is in miyagi shaft all
participants safely reached the finish
line even as well the brave one with no
practice ends the race after a little
more than an hour first Afghan ski
challenge we have a start has been made
Pamir now has skiers and skiing
equipment which can be rented if they
keep at it they'll be able to offer
skeeters in a few years time however
weather Bamian becomes a destination for
ski alpinists not only depends on them
even in the safest province of
Afghanistan you never know how the next
day will turn out